W-14548084 prep component config UI duke (#260)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/mule-components/4.4/component-choice.adoc

//end::component-xml[]
//
//tag::component-snippet-json[]

[[snippet]]

=== Snippet JSON

Snippet JSON in Anypoint Code Builder serves as a customizable template for the component. 

[source,json]
----

----

//end::component-snippet-json[]
//
//
//
//
//TABLE: ROOT XML ATTRIBUTES (for the top-level (root) element)
//tag::component-xml-attributes-root[]

Choice (`<choice/>`) has the following attributes:

[%header,cols="1,1,3a"]
|===
| Attribute Name
| Attribute XML 
| Description

| Display Name
| `doc:name` 
| Editable name for the component.

| N/A
| `doc:id` 
| Automatically generated identifier for the component.

| N/A
| `tracking:enable-default-events` 
| When set to `true`, activates the Business Events feature.

|===
//end::component-xml-attributes-root[]
//
//
//TABLE (IF NEEDED): CHILD XML ATTRIBUTES or ELEMENTS
//tag::component-xml-attributes-child1[]

Choice (`<choice/>`) has the following child elements: 

[%header,cols="1,3a"]
|===
| Child Element 
| Description 

> | `<when/>`

Author: ```suggestion
| `expression`
```

Author: example:

```
            <when expression="payload==1">
                some component
            </when>
```

Author: *Expression* is a field in the UI.

> | Specifies a condition to meet before running embedded components to process the Mule event. One or more `<when/>` elements are allowed.

Author: ```suggestion
| Uses the DataWeave language to specify a condition to meet before running embedded components to process the Mule event. One or more `<when/>` elements are allowed.
```

> | Specifies a condition to meet before running embedded components to process the Mule event. One or more `<when/>` elements are allowed.

Author: ```suggestion
| Child element for specifying a condition to meet before running embedded components to process the Mule event. One or more `<when/>` elements are allowed.
```

Author: I confused myself with this one thinking it would doc an attribute (despite the text).

| `<otherwise/>`

> | Runs if no conditions set within any `<when/>` element is met.

Author: ```suggestion
| Child element that runs if no conditions set within any `<when/>` element are met.
```

|===

The child element `<when/>` has the following attribute:

[%header,cols="1,1,3a"]
|===
| Attribute Name
| Attribute XML 
| Description

| Expression
| `expression` 

> | Expression in DataWeave language to evaluate input. If the expression evaluates to true, this routing option executes.

Author: ```suggestion
| DataWeave expression used to evaluate input. If the expression evaluates to `true`, this routing option executes.
```

Author: done
